What's up everybody? Welcome to your
daily digest for Wednesday, April 23rd,
2025, where I bring you fact-based,
non-sensational, objective information
about what's going on in the broader
blockchain and cryptocurrency space.
Today, we are kicking off with Bitcoin
entering the world's top five largest
assets, surpassing Google, Silver, and
Amazon. Uh, Bitcoin recently overtook
Alphabet or Google to become the world's
fifth largest most valuable asset. just
behind Nvidia, Microsoft, Apple, and
Gold. This comes at a time when Bitcoin
has been beating out the ston market,
uh, beating out NASDAQ 100 returns in
April, and we've been seeing a bit of a
decoupling from the crypto market from
the traditional equities markets. So,
it's a great time to be a crypto hodler
despite the fact that we're down
year-over-year. Um, additionally,
Bitcoin ETFs logged a pretty chunky
inflow the other day. 912 million
inflows into the spot Bitcoin ETFs,
uh, which marks the largest daily inflow
since January 21st of this year, uh,
which was just post, uh, Trump
inauguration. in addition to Bitcoin's
inflows. Not so chunky, but still nice
to see some positives. Finally, Ethereum
had $38 million in its inflows with the
vast majority going into Fidelity's spot
ETF and then uh the rest into Bitwise's
ETF. Moving on into some
um new news. Uh Financial Times reported
that Tether is going to um create a
crypto acquisition company in
collaboration with SoftBank and
Bitfinex. The amount of money being put
into this crypto acquisition company is
pretty chunky. three billion dollars
amongst the various different entities
that include Caner Fitzgerald, Soft
Bank, Tether, and Bitfinex. Now, if
you're like me, you don't quite know
what a crypto acquisition company is.
So, I head over to venz.ai to ask the
LLM. And a crypto acquisition company is
a firm that specializes in acquiring and
integrating cryptoreated businesses,
often with the goal of expanding its
portfolio and increasing its presence in
the cryptocurrency market. These can
typically include mergers and
acquisitions, strategic partnerships,
joint ventures, or acquisition of
intellectual
property. Moving on, um, Janover, which
is a publicly traded real estate tech
firm, recently rebranded to DeFi
Development Corp. Uh, this just happened
yesterday. And the firm added
88,164 soul to its treasury, now
totaling its Salana holdings of over $37
million. Moving on into SEC news, the
SEC has dropped its case against Hex
Pulsechain founder Richard Hart. But in
Paul Atkins new administration, new
tenure, he has brought a new case
against a crypto fraudster that is uh
claimed to have stolen
$198 million in fraud. Um, and this is
Ramil Palifox, the founder of PGI
Global, which was essentially leveraging
a crypto and forex trading exchange to
take money from people. According to the
SEC, Palifox defrauded global investors
between January 2020 and October of 2021
by promoting PGI Global as a crypto
asset and and forex firm uh where he was
offering high returns on membership
packages and rewarding participants for
referring others into uh basically a
model that looks like a pyramid scheme
or a multi-level marketing scheme.
The complaint reveals that over $57
million of investor funds were
misappropriated for personal luxuries,
including
Lamborghinis. So, it is nice to see the
SEC dropping frivolous cases against
good actors in the crypto space. And
it's also nice to see them going after
um real bad actors who have stolen lots
and lots of money from people that they
defrauded into thinking they were using
a real platform. Moving on, Coinbase is
hiring 130 staff and expanding into
Charlotte, which is located in North
Carolina, this the southeast of the US
for my international listeners. And uh
Charlotte has been growing its tech
footprint um over the past decade or so.
So, this marks Coinbase's focus on
investing into a region with a growing
tech footprint. Though Coinbase will
remain a remote first company, it will
just now have offices located in San
Francisco, New York, and now
Charlotte. With the additional um staff
being located in Charlotte as well,
Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong also
outlined plans to add about a thousand
new US employees this year, which will
um add to the already existing
3,772 employees. And lastly, for my
PayPal afficionados out there, PayPal
plans to roll out yield on the PYUSD
token beginning this summer. Anyone who
holds PayPal USD on the app will begin
earning a
3.7% annual return on their stable coin.
And this is largely designed to spur
adoption by making the token more
appealing to stand out amongst its
competition. Well, that just about wraps
up everything that happened yesterday on
our daily digest. If you want to keep up
to date with what's going on in the
Smart Economy podcast and our daily
digest in general, head over to our
Smart Economy podcast to keep up to date
with the Daily Digest, our BY monthly,
hour-long podcast episodes, and our
weekly spaces. And of course, if you
enjoyed this, please don't hesitate to
give me that like button and to slap me
a follow. Have a great day everyone.
Cheers.